There once was a young squirrel named Henry who loved to hang out in a big oak tree in a local neighborhood. He loved this oak tree and built a lovely house in it, where he lived by himself. He was often seen scurrying around the block finding acorns and bringing them up into his oak tree, where he would store them for later.

It was an beautiful day in October, when Henry found it. The most perfect acorn in the world. The minute he saw it, he knew he could not rest until it was added to his collection. He approached it cautiously and attempted to roll it over to his pile. However, the acorn was too big for him to roll it on his own. Henry was at a crossroads. He could ask for help from the other squirrels, but then he would risk one of them coveting HIS acorn.

But that caution was not enough. Suddenly, the acorn turned into a dragon!! "Oh no! What will I do?" wondered Henry. He decided to ride the dragon and before he knew it, the dragon took him
somewhere special. This special place was a different sort of land. It was a magical mystical forest that Henry was not used to. Henry was scared, and it was getting dark. So Henry decided that
he must find shelter quickly before it gets dangerous. It was his first time here. He did not know how dangerous it was.

Henry wandered around aimlessly... none of the weird, fantastical trees of vibrant colors and crazy shapes appealed to him. These trees did not compare to the oak tree he was so familiar with. After a sleepless night, Henry saw the acorn dragon rise over the magical forest in the distance, and he was furious. Henry took a deep breath and yelled, "WHY DID YOU BRING ME HERE?" at the top. In seconds, the dragon, who Henry had barely managed to see, appeared before him.
In a thunderous voice that echoed throughout the land, the dragon said, "Your GREED caused this Henry. Winter is coming... and you were not willing to share the news of the acorn with any of your brethren. You shall stay here and experience sleepless nights until you change." Henry began to recall all of the wrongdoings that had led him to where he is now, a completely unknown world.
  
Henry thought long and hard about his actions and how they affected other squirrels. He stayed up all night going back and forth in his head and figuring out what he should do.
As the sun rose in the morning, Henry had come to a conclusion. He told the acorn dragon he felt remorseful for what he had done, and that he learned his lesson and will move forward with more generosity and care towards others.
The acorn dragon saw that Henry was being genuine and brought him back to the real world. Henry was forever thankful for what the acorn dragon had tought him, and spend the rest of his days putting others before himself and making sure that no squirrel was ever left acornless.
